Oops, Immortal Aunt is no match for them
What can we do about this?
Mengsha, stop fooling around
Your uncle came over and made Xian angry
I can't save you either.
Then you will die
Yang Fan, I have endured you for a long time
I want my East Yi people to submit to you
Dreaming that I am willing to submit to the Son of Heaven
Did you see it?
Bailing Meng Yu, he is already alone
You two, get down on your knees right now
Be my maid
And save your life
In a dream, we swear to follow the master to the death
Me too, then go to hell
Shangxin killed a few of them old guys
duel
If you can't beat it, join hands and bully a woman
How impressive.
Deal with you monsters
No need to pay attention to those
Hahahaha
Ask anyone to hand over the magic weapon on you
Then at your own expense
Let the old man enslave you for a hundred years
Maybe the old man can still be in front of the three immortals
intercede for you
If you don't die, I'll go
Humph
What do you want?
You talk too much.
Damn explosion, three killing immortals save me ah ah ah ah
Uh-huh.
Ah, today is